[theme music]
[phone dial tone]
-Hi, Professor, it's me.
-[Jun-wan] Yes, go ahead.
Bae Jun-seong's pulmonary edema is severe,
and he can't urinate.
He's on a ventilator now.
[Jun-wan] Really?
What's his current urine output?
The last time we checked,
it was only 10cc.
[Jun-wan] I'm coming.
I'm sorry to rush you, Professor.
But we need your help with this right now.
[Jun-wan] In a minute.
-Okay.
-[phone chimes]
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
-[Jae-hak] Thank you very much, sir.
-[Jun-wan] Yup.
-[button chimes]
-[curtains rattle]
[sighs]
[monitor beeping]
Hey, what are you doing here?
[sighs]
Did this patient leave already?
What, you mean Ik-jun's sister?
Do you know her?
Yeah. Is she gone?
She left earlier.
The IV was done a little while ago.
I guess your families
are super close too, huh?
-[footsteps receding]
-[breathes deeply]
-[sighs]
-[soft music]
[exhales]
[Ik-sun] My fever's already gone,
and since I'm feeling much better now,
I've decided to head straight home.
Jun-wan, I'd like to call you.
I really do.
But maybe not for a little while
because I'll be busy with my training.
But I'll make sure. I'll call you soon,
so don't worry too much about it.
You're probably really busy
so I thought I'd just send you a text.
APRIL 18, SUNDAY
[theme music]
Nice to take a quick break like this, huh?
Just chilling outside,
enjoying some ice cream.
[chuckles]
Yeah, it's nice, isn't it?
Even got dinner with the wife later.
We're busy with surgeries
but don't have any primary care patients.
And the number
of emergency calls have dropped.
With a schedule like this,
I actually have time to do things.
I bet I can take half the weekend off.
You guys are saying that now
because you have no idea yet.
Just wait and see.
It's only gonna get worse.
Come to think of it,
those guys are amazing.
They must be swamped with work,
but they still actually do band practice?
They still do it, right?
Yeah. They're practicing again
after work today.
I mean, for once,
none of them is actually on duty,
so they're gonna have dinner together
and then practice.
-How do you know so much about those guys?
-It's common knowledge!
-Are you saying you didn't know?
-[scoffs]
Why would I even know that stuff?
They're gonna be taking
Professor Chae's car.
They're gonna be in a rush, so they'll be
picking up dinner along the way.
-[Seok-min chuckles]
-[comical music sting]
Why'd they name their band
Gongnyong Ridge anyway?
I'm curious too.
Well, initially, they first started
as a hiking club.
Jeong-won loves hiking, and he liked
to hike on the Dinosaur Ridge.
He wanted to take them there someday,
hence the name "Gongnyong"
which actually means "Dinosaur."
I heard of that trail. It's very tough.
Yeah, which is why
they still haven't gone there.
They always end up going to the entrance
and coming back after taking pictures.
I heard Professor Chae is planning to go
to Mount Seorak next month.
Mm, again, not past the entrance, though.
To conclude, they're not a band.
They're actually a hiking club
that just eats bibimbap together.
[all laughing]
[rock music]
-[Jun-wan] I'm not going.
-Huh?
I said I'm not going,
so don't even think about it.
My eyes get dry too easily.
I can't go hiking!
[Seok-hyeong] Mountains should
be admired from afar,
not climbed. I'm not going. Never!
You're joking. You realize we named
our band "Gongnyong Ridge," right?
It's not hard,
shouldn't we go at least just once?
[all] No, not even once.
Okay, fine. Why don't we at least
just go up to the Biseondae Peak?
Even kids go up there.
We're not dumb, don't you dare.
You think you can just suggest trails
that only pros take,
and we wouldn't know? Nice try, not today.
No, seriously, what the…
I swear that trail is super easy.
Check online, my sister literally went
through that thing
in her damn cancan skirt!
Yeah, he doesn't know
how to look things up on the Internet.
-[gasps]
-Try not to hurt his feelings.
[Seok-hyeong] Even the name sounds scary.
Hm, "Biseondae Peak."
Oh, there she is.
[rock music continues]
I'm hungry. Quick, get inside!
[Ik-jun] Hey, whoa, whoa.
What are you doing?
Come on, that's my spot!
-[Jun-wan] Just get inside.
-[Ik-jun] I called dibs.
-[Jun-wan] Come on, get in.
-[Ik-jun] No, hold on.
[Ik-jun] I called shotgun.
I don't wanna sit in the middle.
[Ik-jun] Wait a sec,
let's talk about this.
Let's just talk about this for a minute!
[music fades out]
Seriously, though. It'll be almost 9 p.m.
after we have dinner.
Then we won't be done until 11.
We'll just eat on the way.
Drive-thru sound good?
What are we getting?
Hamburgers.
[all yelling]
Whoa!
[Song-hwa chuckles]
We'll be there in about seven minutes.
Tell me what you guys want.
[all clamoring loudly]
-[Jeong-won] …burger or something.
-[Ik-jun] Wait, I want the 1955 Burger.
[Jeong-won] We aren't children anymore!
-[Jeong-won] I want the burger or a combo.
-[Ik-jun] Oh, come on, no copying.
-I want a VS too.
-Same for me.
And a bulgogi burger combo.
-What's "VS"?
-A vanilla shake.
-I want an SS!
-Wow, that's clever of you.
And also one Spicy Shanghai Burger combo
with large fries, please.
-Oh, same, I want large fries.
-Same for me!
-What about chicken nuggets?
-Obviously, yeah. In fact, order 30.
So that's a double bulgogi,
and I want an extra burger on top of that.
What about you, Song-hwa?
What do you want?
-No! I want an egg bulgogi burger.
-What are you getting for yourself,
-Song-hwa?
-Hey!
[sighs]
Now from here on out, everyone keep quiet.
I can see the sign up ahead,
I'll give you a minute.
Figure out what you want.
Then take turns to tell me exactly
what it is in a clear manner.
No changes and no babbling. You got that?
[all] Yes, ma'am.
[engine revs]
[server] Hi, good evening.
What would you like to order?
Hey, it's going to be a big order
so I'll be speaking slowly if that's okay.
[server] Don't worry. It's not a problem.
Can we have three 1955 Burger combos,
one Spicy Shanghai Burger combo,
and one egg bulgogi burger combo.
Upsize all that
with some large French fries.
Can we get Sprite instead of Coke
for just one of the combos, please?
-[all] Wow…
-[server] Sure. Anything else?
We'd also like two vanilla shakes
along with one strawberry shake as well.
Next, we'd like
two chicken mozzarella burgers.
But just the burgers, not the combo meal.
And finally, can we have five orders
of six-piece nuggets, please?
That's pretty much it. Thanks.
[server] Let me just make sure
that I got everything. Three large 1955…
You know, this takes me back
to our resident days
when she used to notify the others.
You remember that?
Do you know what's even crazier?
Jeong-won's been holding the credit card
like that for five minutes.
[Seok-hyeong] Wow,
that's a huge improvement.
Looks like he's been getting better.
He used to pull out the card
in the parking lot at Yulje.
Shh! Shut up.
[all] All right.
[chuckles]
[gasps]
Did we order seven burgers?
Yeah, it's the two piggies.
They ordered two burgers each.
[soft chuckle]
My birthday's coming up next month.
You all know that, right?
Of course, we remember.
It's pretty close to Song-hwa's birthday.
-Weekday, right?
-Yeah, weekday.
Can we get together on the weekend prior?
It's just that
I'm really busy on weekdays.
Sure, no problem. I prefer that.
Is there a specific reason?
Do you also have a song you wanna sing?
Yes, I do.
I'll choose the song. It's my right
because it's my birthday.
Practice real hard, okay?
-Which song is it?
-So what's the title?
♪ It's my life ♪
-[Song-hwa] What?
-[Jun-wan] Aw, there's no way!
[Seok-hyeong] No way!
Andrea. You're on board, right?
I know you are.
Well, you know…
Considering everything else
we've already done,
I don't think it's such a terrible idea.
-[Ik-jun] Yes!
-[all] Hey!
[Ik-jun sighs]
Okay.
[indistinct shouting from video game]
Hey, let's use your phone right now.
-For what?
-Reservations.
Right, sure.
There you go. I washed them twice
and put 'em through a strainer.
Nice one. Take a seat.
Mm.
-So have we booked a place to stay?
-[Jeong-won] Doing that now.
Hey, Jun-wan, did you know that
you can book accommodations right away
using your phone like this?
-No need to go to a travel agency, yeah?
-[Jun-wan] Hm.
Oh, is that so?
Just like booking those bus tickets?
-[munching]
-[Ik-jun sighs]
Oh.
Well, I, uh, I…
Hurry up, man. It's only a few days away.
-Should I do it?
-No, I got it, relax.
-So are we having a barbecue?
-Of course we are!
[Ik-jun] Let's book a guesthouse or a B&B.
Yeah. We need at least
two bedrooms and two bathrooms.
[Ik-jun] Sure, sure, sure.
I'll find us the most perfect place.
HOTEL, SOKCHO
Okay! This one is just
by the entrance to Mount Seorak.
Sounds nice. Let's book it.
It's by the entrance.
But it says here that it's 7km away
from Mount Seorak, so what gives?
Really?
Technically, it is
in front of the entrance,
but it's 7km away from the mountain.
It's written right here.
Sounds good. They're being honest.
Book it.
[Song-hwa] Check the reviews.
Uh… they're good.
FACILITIES ARE OLD
BUT WELL-KEPT AND CLEAN
I'll book it, then.
[Song-hwa] Okay.
By the way,
what are those two doing back there?
[comic music]
[Seok-hyeong] Oh, this one's nice.
[sighs]
Shopping for leather pants.
-[gasps]
-[scoffs]
Have a look at what's in their cart.
I bet there's a ton in there.
Oh, and Jun-wan, I'm not talking
about an actual shopping cart.
I meant the virtual one, okay?
Jackass.
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
[Jeong-won] Yeah,
she's doing much better now.
[chuckles]
I actually visited her last weekend.
Okay, so then why don't you call her right
now if you're that worried about her?
[soft music playing]
Hey, I gotta go right now. I'm busy.
Uh-huh.
-[phone chimes]
-[soft chuckle]
-Sorry.
-No, it's okay.
Since mom's health scare, my siblings
have been calling me nonstop every day.
They're worried, but they can't
look after her at the moment,
so they just keep calling
and bombarding me with questions.
[sighs]
Why did they enter the Church,
then, right?
[laughs softly]
[slurps]
So anyway, how's your mother doing?
[Gyeo-ul] She's doing much better now.
-She can even go out by herself.
-Ah, I'm glad to hear that.
Oh, that reminds me. Isn't your brother's
wedding coming up pretty soon?
Yes, it's next month.
Ask him if there's anything
he needs in particular.
Maybe some home appliances?
I want to get him a nice gift
he'll appreciate.
I'm sure they already have
everything they need.
There must be a thing or two
they still need.
I have a surgery coming up.
You're meeting up with Dr. Chu?
Yes.
That's great, nice.
Make sure you ask Ga-eul, okay?
-[Gyeo-ul] Okay.
-[Jeong-won] All right.
[Jeong-won] See you later.
[footsteps receding]
[sighs]
[Ik-jun] I'm to understand
your friend has agreed to be your donor?
-Yes.
Okay, as long as we're clear. Uh…
Basically, this is your current situation,
Mr. Kang Chan-dong.
You have liver cirrhosis
on top of your cancer recurrence,
so your liver is barely functioning.
A liver transplant would be
the best solution right now.
And while I'm very glad that your friend
mustered up the courage
to do this for you,
which truly would be great news
for you, but…
[paper rustles]
In this case,
since the donor is not from your family,
you'll have to go through
a lengthy screening process
just to rule out any financial incentives
or other ulterior motives.
Mm. Hospitals used to handle it
at their own discretion in the past,
but, uh, to prevent illegal activities
such as organ trafficking,
a government organization called KONOS
manages this entire process now.
We're gonna have to prepare
all the materials they need
to verify everything. Only then
will your application be approved.
But Doctor, I really am his friend.
So why?
Of course, I believe you.
That's apparent to me. However,
uh, you need to go through this process
and get it approved to donate.
It's just how it is.
How long, though?
He's on the verge of death.
[Ik-jun sighs]
It won't take too long.
Our coordinator will go through all
the relevant details with you. It's okay.
Yes, but then…
How do we prove that we're close friends?
Would there even be a test for that?
[dramatic music]
[Song-hwa groaning]
[Seok-min] Professor, where are you going?
-I'm going to see Hwang Du-na.
-At the physical therapy room?
Mm-hmm. Last time I saw her,
she still couldn't walk well,
and she was struggling
to get her words out.
But it's been a while,
so I wanna go in and check on her.
I also need to see Professor Jang.
[woman 1] Oh, Professor Chae.
Hello, how are you doing?
[Song-hwa] Hello, I'm fine.
-I'm sorry. This must be hard for you.
-No, it's okay.
Actually, Du-na…
she's doing so much better now.
She can sit down
and stand up all on her own.
Wow, is that so?
She's relying on a walking cane for now,
but it's still a huge improvement
compared to before. I mean,
she couldn't even stand up a month ago.
Has she been practicing her speech
in her room lately?
Yes, and I keep talking to her
to help her practice regularly.
Good, that's great to hear. Well, then
I'll go see how Du-na is doing right now.
Sure.
[chuckles]
She's doing better.
Compared to the last time I saw her,
it's an improvement.
She couldn't walk
or even stand up on her own back then.
Her right leg's good.
It's recovering fairly quickly, in fact.
But her right hand's fine motor skills,
they're not back yet.
Not to mention her language skills too.
Right.
That said, we're going to be focusing
on speech recovery therapy from now on.
Okay.
-[soft music]
-[sighs deeply]
[sighs]
[therapist] I'm going to count
from one, okay?
-One, two.
-[Du-na] Uh…
[stammering]
Th… thr… three.
F… fo… four.
F… five.
[stammering]
[soft music continues]
[stammering continues]
[sighs]
-[light music playing]
-[ice clattering]
Let's step out for some fresh air.
I need it.
-[horn howls]
-[Gyeo-ul] Mm.
Mm.
[inhales]
So you still have one more chance, right?
With how hard you've been working at it,
I think you'll succeed this time, though.
Take a breath and go for it.
[sighs]
It's the last chance that I have.
No question, I absolutely
have to succeed this time.
And since this, this is my last chance,
I don't wanna end up doing it here
looking like the wreck that I am.
I wanna look decent and presentable
when I finally confess my feelings.
Mm-hmm.
Hold on a second.
Just what exactly happened to you today?
God, I look like a mess, don't I?
Yeah.
[groans]
I had two night shifts in a row.
I got to wash my hair
for the first time in two days,
but I didn't have any shampoo.
So I ended up using some random soap
I found in the supply cabinet,
so now my hair, it's mutated.
It has a life of its own.
The cleansing power was something else.
[sighs]
Please, just for today, I really
don't wanna run into Professor Yang.
[inhales]
Starting this week, seeing as it's
Professor Yeom Se-hee's turn anyway,
maybe I'll get lucky.
Maybe I won't bump into him at all.
Maybe everything's gonna be fine.
Mm.
[gasps]
Good afternoon.
[Ik-jun] Hey, Jang Gyeo-ul!
-Oh, hey, Chuchu.
-[Min-ha] Hello.
-[Ik-jun] You eaten yet?
-Yeah.
I already ate.
I had lunch with Professor Ahn earlier.
-That's good. What about you, huh?
-Mm.
Oh, I also had lunch already.
I ate with my juniors.
Hey, why didn't you have lunch
with Chuchu?
What? I ate with you. You're the one
who wanted to have lunch with me.
We'll let you get back
to your conversation, okay? See you later.
-[Gyeo-ul] Yeah, bye.
-[Min-ha] Uh, bye.
[Min-ha chuckles awkwardly]
[Min-ha sighs]
Gyeo-ul, let's go
to the convenience store.
Why, what do you need?
Shampoo.
[inhales]
[Seok-hyeong] His friend
wants to donate his liver?
That's a rare thing to happen.
Yeah, it's rare, but it does happen
from time to time.
The poor guy has cirrhosis, and that's in
addition to his liver cancer recurrence.
He's got no children.
His wife got the test done,
but she can't do it due to her condition.
She's sick. Cardiovascular.
He does have one brother,
but he's a hepatitis B carrier,
so unfortunately, he can't do it.
There goes that one.
So that means that none of his family
members can be a living donor for him.
There weren't any more options available
at that point.
We were both getting worried, until…
he brought his friend
to his appointment today.
Surprisingly, the friend
presented himself as a donor.
Do you think that maybe the donor
is being forced into it against his will??
No, not at all.
I had a talk with the donor,
so I got a good feel for him.
Nope. He said that wasn't the case at all.
They grew up together,
and they actually are best friends.
But they still need to go through
the entire screening process to make sure.
But I really do think…
Yeah, they're best friends.
Won't the process be more complicated
since they're not family?
Definitely.
Way more difficult because of that.
You should also know
that some donors die during surgery.
[Deok-joo] Although in Korea,
the surgery is considered safe
for donors, statistically speaking.
There have been cases abroad
where the donor died after surgery.
Sometimes, the remaining liver
fails to function
even if the donor had no problems
with his health prior,
so the donor ends up
receiving a liver transplant too.
I hope that gives you an idea
of how difficult and risky the surgery is.
Knowing that,
are you still willing to donate?
Of course, I want to.
If I don't, he's going to die.
Well, is it really that risky?
I'm just informing you
of what the possible risks are.
With donor surgeries,
our professors always pay extra attention
to make sure it's safe.
We go the extra mile
to exhaust all options.
Although, statistically speaking,
most living donors are able to go back,
living their normal lives after surgery.
However, I can't say
that you'll feel exactly the same
as you did before the surgery.
You may feel some long-lasting discomfort.
Fine. Understood. I still want to do it.
-[sighs]
-[somber music]
[Ga-eul] What's up?
[footsteps approaching]
[Gyeo-ul] What?
You broke it off?
Your wedding is next month, and then…
then you suddenly broke off
the engagement?
Well, it wasn't my idea.
She's the one who broke it off.
The thing is, honestly speaking,
I saw it coming.
Back when I told her about our family,
even though she said she didn't care,
she still seemed pretty shocked.
I know it affected her.
I think she finally told her parents
about it last week.
[gasps]
I mean of course, she had to.
With the wedding coming up so soon,
they obviously wanted to know the reason
why her future father-in-law wasn't gonna
be able to attend.
They probably grilled her about it.
She had to tell them that
her future father-in-law hit
her future mother-in-law
to the point that she ended up injured.
A rib fracture, a broken nose,
and a ruptured eardrum.
[sniffles]
[Ga-eul] Not to mention
the man's in jail now.
[somber music]
Honestly, I get it.
I'd react the same.
I mean, who'd be okay with that?
It's actually kind of a relief.
I saw it coming. Not surprising.
[inhales]
Things haven't been that great between us
ever since I told her about Dad.
The way that she was looking at me…
It felt like she was wondering
if I was just like Dad.
I guess I'm insecure.
[sighs]
God, I'm such a loser.
[deep exhale]
Maybe I shouldn't have told her.
Maybe I should have just, you know,
kept it from her.
You had to tell her someday.
She was bound to find out anyway.
[exhales deeply]
Ga-eul.
I'm sorry.
I feel terrible that
there's nothing I can do.
What are you even sorry for?
I'll be okay.
Like I said, I saw it coming.
In any case,
I feel much better now that I've told you.
[Ga-eul inhales]
Mm, I'll handle it. I can figure it out.
I'll just tell Mom that
we had a big argument or something.
[lips smack]
I'll tell her I got sick
of Min-jin's personality,
so I had to call off the wedding.
Keep in mind what I just told you.
Mm, I'm sorry.
Why do you have to keep saying sorry?
I know how busy you can get at work,
barely sleeping as it is
because you've been looking after Mom.
I'm the one who's sorry.
[deep inhale]
I promise I'll try
to take better care of Mom too.
[soft chuckle]
When did you grow up so much?
I'm getting promoted soon.
I'm an adult now.
-[laughs softly]
-[soft piano music]
Ga-eul.
I can't think of anything else but Mom.
[inhales]
I mean, I knew about it.
When Mom called me once in a while and…
I could tell right away
from the way she sounded.
But I just ignored it.
"It can't be true.
I'm worrying over nothing."
[inhales]
I turned a blind eye to it.
I didn't wanna deal with her situation.
[soft piano music continues]
[Gyeo-ul sighs]
[sniffs]
I feel so horrible for doing that to her.
[sniffles]
It must have been hell,
but I left her all alone
in that situation anyway.
God, I feel terrible.
[inhales]
I can't ever forgive myself for it.
[sniffles]
Hey, Ga-eul.
I can tell that
you're really hurt as well.
But I'm only going to think
about Mom for now.
I'm sorry.
[soft chuckle]
[Rosa] Hurry up, Jong-su.
The noodles are becoming soggy.
[Jong-su] Just a second!
Let me put this on top.
[grunts]
There we go.
-[Rosa laughs]
-[Jong-su] There.
Here you go.
[both laugh]
[Jong-su humming]
Let's just see how good you are, Mr. Ju.
On first inspection, the color looks good.
-[Jong-su] Mm.
-[blows air]
[slurping]
[munching]
-[chopsticks thud]
-Hey.
[gasps]
It's even more delicious than I thought!
Isn't it great? I'm so surprised.
Jong-su. I mean, Mr. Ju.
This tastes so damn good!
Oh, who knew you were such a good cook?
[chuckles]
-Jong-su, you should try it too.
-Okay.
Did you also make the sauce from scratch?
It's not store-bought?
I followed Mr. Paik's recipe.
[chuckles]
Well, no wonder it came out so good.
Still, it's not easy to make it this good.
-You have the talent for sure, Mr. Ju.
-[chuckles]
-[Rosa] What will you be making next?
-[slurps]
For next time, rice with fried eggplant.
-[Rosa] Mm!
-Is that right?
Rosa, can I come over again next week?
Of course. Come every weekend.
Stop staying home alone ordering in when
you can come and eat with us on weekends.
Of course, you have to cook for us
every weekend, all right?
You're such a good cook now.
I'd love to if you want.
Plus, it'll make me happy.
Oh. I was kind of down.
I had a big fight
with my eldest son yesterday,
So I've been depressed all day.
However, cooking these noodles
and preparing this sauce for you
kind of helped me get it off my mind.
Oh, my goodness.
What happened? You were excited
that he was coming back.
Oh. He's opening a clinic
with his friends.
He said that
they'll all co-own the clinic.
[inhales]
And then he outright asked for money.
Not just to help out.
He demanded again that I give him
the money he'll inherit down the road.
That left me speechless.
[sighs]
I was overwhelmed. I said "no" right away.
But I couldn't sleep all night.
[scoffs]
I was angry.
And also sad.
[sighs]
Again? That must have
really hurt your feelings.
[sighs]
I'd rather have him stay there
and never come back here. Hm.
Because that would put me more at ease.
If only he and his family
stayed in the US.
But he's your son either way.
It'll always be better to keep him close
being able to see him often.
So your son's gonna be coming back, huh?
Seok-hyeong, on the other hand,
might be leaving soon.
What do you mean, leaving soon?
What should I do, Rosa?
Seok-hyeong's leaving.
He might have to move to the US.
Jeong-won never mentioned anything.
I don't think he has told
any of his friends yet.
He only brought it up
at our dinner just last night.
There's a great training opportunity
in the US, so he applied for it.
-He said he'll probably get it.
-Oh, my.
I can't live without Seok-hyeong
these days.
I mean, sure, we don't live together,
but we have a meal together every weekend.
We always see each other.
It's my only joy in life.
What should I do?
Is there anything I can do
to make him stay?
I'm not sure.
[clicks tongue]
Once he sets his mind to something,
he does it.
[breathes heavily]
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
-[slurps]
-[Jae-hak sighs]
By the way, who are you
having lunch with later?
With my friends, probably. Why?
Oh, okay.
You can join us. You know them anyway.
I have plans for lunch.
My wife's gonna be stopping by here
to see her friend,
-so I'm having lunch with her later.
-Then what'd you ask me for?
I was just going to ask you to join us.
I mean, if you were gonna eat alone,
might as well have company.
[scoffs]
Learn to mind your own business.
You know, you're pretty much
the only person
-so far--
-Do what?
You're the only person I know
who hasn't asked me
why we don't have any children.
-Why should I be curious?
-Exactly.
I don't even have time for myself.
To each their own.
Why should I care about others?
[Jae-hak] My wife and I are the same age.
We got married
after dating for three years.
I was still in school back then,
so we had to live off her single income
while also sending money to our parents,
which I admit was very tough.
So from the very beginning,
we said we'd hold off on having kids.
And after that, around five years later,
we decided…
it's about time we have a baby.
We were ready. Plus, we both love kids.
The timing was right, and we made up
our minds, but we struggled to conceive.
And we did try really hard for it.
It was a very stressful time for my wife.
Then around last year,
suddenly, on her 40th birthday,
she made a decision.
She won't have a baby.
She was exhausted physically and mentally.
She said she wanted to live a fun life
with just the two of us.
I agreed right away.
I mean, I admit, I always wanted a kid,
but I also love my wife.
I hate seeing her stressed.
You know what, take a guess on
what I enjoy doing the most nowadays.
I'm supposed to be really curious, right?
Right after work, I like having a beer
with my wife and just chatting with her.
I'd complain about my co-workers,
talk about the surgeries I did.
Then we'd talk about her co-workers.
We talk about our families,
bad-mouthing them together.
[chuckles]
We talk about all sorts of stuff.
It'd be nice to have a kid,
but I also enjoy having my wife
who's my best friend.
When I'm with her,
we have so much fun together.
It's such a comfort.
[soft music]
Oh, my goodness, I'm so sorry.
I just started babbling away.
I envy you.
I envy what you both have.
[soft music rises]
-[groaning]
-[slurping]
We've examined the samples, and we have
the results from the first test now.
Based on the results we saw,
you two are a very good match.
[Chan-dong exhales]
Then can we proceed with the surgery?
Not yet. There are many things
that we need from you first.
To start with, I want to let you know
my job is to analyze your motives,
making sure everything's above board.
I understand you two
are very close friends,
but in my position,
I have to look at any incongruities
that will point towards unethical motives.
I hope you understand
why we're doing this.
Sure.
Okay, moving forward, I'm going to ask you
for many different documents.
And once you see the list,
you're probably going to say to yourself,
"This is unreasonable.
Why are you asking for documents
you know we can't acquire right now?"
It doesn't matter. You still need them.
KONOS requires them to verify you both.
This is the list of documents that we need
from you within a week from now.
LIST OF REQUIRED DOCUMENTS
How many do you have?
I need twelve.
[sighs]
Oh, I need about half of that.
And also, I heard you've been friends
since high school. Did I get that right?
[both] Yes.
Apart from graduation certificates,
we're also going to need proof that
you were actually close even back then.
We'll need a photo. Any one of you two
together back in your high school days.
I'm not sure if we kept…
any of our old photos.
In addition, assuming
you've actually been close friends
for 30 years since high school,
I'm sure you attended each other's wedding
and other celebratory occasions.
Yes, we did.
We need photos that can prove
your attendance in those activities.
There's a chance
that some are going to suspect
that you reconnected recently
just because of this
so to make sure you can prove you two knew
each other back in high school,
we're going to need it as evidence.
This is all to rule out any suspicions.
The evidence must be solid.
I see. Unfortunately,
I didn't have anyone film my wedding.
Then just submit photos
from your wedding, it's okay.
I got married just a few years ago,
so I have it recorded on video.
I can bring it for you.
[ATM] Thank you very much. Please check
that you have the correct amount.
Don't tell me
you only took out 10,000 won.
No. I took out 100,000 won, you see that?
Jeez, trying to pick a fight
with me again?
Why do you need cash?
10,000 bills at that.
-We do have a team dinner this evening.
-Right, I know we do.
We're going to be out until late.
It's for the residents' taxi rides.
Jeong-won.
-Isn't it exhausting being you?
-It isn't.
Isn't your head about to explode
because of all your thoughts overloading?
Hm.
[deep inhale]
Maybe I do think a lot,
but my thoughts are compartmentalized.
Why? What are you trying to say, huh?
Nothing. I was going to make fun of you.
-But I gave up because you're so serious.
-[scoffs]
Well, thanks for that.
[scoffs]
You'll need my withholding tax?
Yes. We need to know
your income for the previous year.
If you've filed your income taxes right,
then we're going to need documents
to prove it.
If you're an employee,
then you can just simply submit
your statement of earnings to us.
You're saying, it'll help
if I make more than Chan-dong does?
Yes, to avoid misunderstandings.
It'll help your chances by a lot.
Hey, um, how much do you make?
Uh, my income…
[inhales]
Kind of wanted to keep it from this chump
until the day that I die.
Why? Don't you make that much?
-Clearly, I make more than you do.
-[laughs]
My income is definitely higher,
so don't worry.
Last year, my property taxes alone
came to ten million won.
I make around 200 million a year.
[scoffs]
Hey.
You're paying for all my meals.
Whatever.
[inhales, chuckles]
[soft music playing]
[inhales]
[sighs]
Anything wrong?
My stomach's been aching since last night.
[inhales]
I have a feeling
that it's getting much worse.
-[groans]
-[sighs]
[exhales]
[Jae-hak's wife inhales]
[sighs]
[groans]
Hey, let me take you to the ER.
Okay. I threw everything up.
My stomach hurts so much.
Oh, God, it really hurts.
I can't take it anymore.
[Jae-hak] Come on, let's go.
-[Jae-hak] Hey.
-[Jae-hak's wife groans]
[Jae-hak] Hey.
[monitor beeping]
You're gonna feel better in no time,
once all that stuff kicks in.
Oh. Thank goodness this all happened
while I was at the hospital.
I got lucky, didn't I?
"Lucky"? You're in the ER right now.
You're kidding me.
It's probably nothing serious.
All things considered, this is lucky.
[chuckles]
[Gwang-hyeon] Hey,
this must've been stressful.
I'm so sorry, you're already so busy.
I'm not helping.
-Thank you so much.
-[chuckles]
No problem at all. We've been getting
a few acute enteritis patients lately.
It was probably caused
by something you ate recently
so I'd watch
what I was eating from here on out.
[Gwang-hyeon] And also…
We've just completed
your urinalysis results. They're ready.
[breathes deeply]
What, is something wrong?
Is there anything
we should be worried about?
No, nothing bad at all.
The urine sample came back positive
for HCG.
What's that? What does that mean, honey?
[haltingly]
You, you mean, she's pregnant?
Mm-hmm, basically, you've tested
completely positive for pregnancy.
[laughs]
What's the matter?
You both had no idea, right?
Yeah… but we didn't actually think
that we…
That we could actually conceive a baby.
[Gwang-hyeon chuckles]
Go ahead and book an appointment
while she's getting the IV
so she can see an OB-GYN.
Is Seok-hyeong here? You should see him.
Actually, I can just call him.
Whoa, thank you, Professor,
it's all right. You should get some rest.
-Thank you for everything.
-All right. Get some rest.
[footsteps receding]
[soft music]
I don't wanna drive. Let's take your car.
Sure. Let's take mine
and Seok-hyeong's car.
-Hey, what are you doing here?
-[chuckles]
I think this is my office.
I know that, obviously, but you said
the surgery would take quite long.
We were able to get the bleeding
under control pretty quickly.
Two cars? What's that all about?
Oh, I asked him whose cars we were taking
to Mount Seorak this weekend.
So we'll be taking mine and Seok-hyeong's.
What time should we leave for the trip?
Quick, let's talk about it.
There's no need for that.
We're all going on a package tour,
you guys.
So you don't have to worry
about any of that.
MOUNT SEORAK ITINERARY
And what's that?
Ladies and gentlemen,
Ahn Jeong-won presents,
"Gongnyong Ridge's Mount Seorak Itinerary"
-[both gasp]
-From whose cars we're gonna be taking,
which rest areas to stop at,
where we need to fill up gas,
and which restaurants we'll be eating at
right here, presented in order.
I'm actually getting a little scared.
At least he didn't make
a list of public restrooms.
[gasping]
Gapyeong and Naerincheon.
We'll be stopping at those two rest areas
during the trip,
and underneath, it says right here,
"Use the restroom here," and
it's underlined, so we'll all know that.
Maybe we should tell Gyeo-ul to run away.
Mm-hmm.
Obviously, I'm not a young woman anymore,
and I wasn't expecting
to get pregnant at all.
This completely came out of left field.
So my husband and I
will need to have a long discussion.
We need to talk about whether or not
we want to actually keep it.
First, let's talk about
your ultrasound results.
Okay.
You did get a positive result
in your urinalysis.
But there are plenty of occasions where
it can turn out to be a false positive.
As is normal, we did the ultrasound
just to make sure.
[inhales]
You really are pregnant.
Uh, everything looks good. The baby looks
normal, all settled in the womb nicely.
And judging from the size of the baby,
we can surmise you are a little
over 10 weeks pregnant.
[Seok-hyeong] So you really had no idea?
It's just, my periods are very irregular,
so I didn't know.
When I missed my period,
I didn't worry much.
I was thinking it could be premature
menopause or something like that.
It never occurred
that I could actually be pregnant.
It seems your uterine walls
are a little more on the thicker side,
but we'll see how it goes,
it looks fine. Uh…
Here, they recorded this video for you.
That's your baby.
It's moving inside your womb right now.
Babies move quite a bit,
even as early as 10 weeks.
[Seok-hyeong] So this is the baby's head,
and over here is the torso.
You see the arms over here,
and the legs over here.
We also checked the fetal heart rate
of the baby, it's within the normal range.
Mm, just right weight for week 10.
It's still small,
measuring about 3cm in length.
But you can already see its tiny hands
and feet if you look closely,
and also its heart and other major organs
which are formed at this stage.
Mm.
It must be difficult for you,
but I have to say your baby
looks active and very healthy,
all things considered.
Probably can't wait to get out.
[chuckles softly]
[soft music]
Professor Yang, my wife and I are…
we'll have to discuss--
What do I need to do?
When should I start taking folic acid?
Also, do you think
I can have a vaginal birth?
[Jae-hak's wife]
But a C-section would be fine too.
Can you tell us
when our baby's gonna be due?
[chuckling]
Should be around December 2, give or take.
Uh, as for choosing
either vaginal or C-section,
we'll have to wait
to check for the baby's position,
these things can change,
so we'll decide later on.
You should start taking folic acid
right away.
At least 400 micrograms a day
should do it.
I'll prescribe you some today.
Uh…
You're not young anymore,
and your uterine walls are
a bit on the thicker side,
make sure that you don't miss
any of your appointments
and take good care of yourself.
I will, Professor.
[inhales]
Do you have any other questions?
Um, actually,
I feel a lump in my breast.
It's been a few months since I noticed it.
Do you think it could've been caused
by the pregnancy?
Does it hurt?
Only on one side?
Or do you feel them on both sides?
Uh. Just the right side.
[inhales]
Sometimes it can happen mid-pregnancy
because the cells in the mammary gland
start proliferating rapidly
more than it should.
But you're still in the early stages,
so I don't think it's that.
Why don't we just make sure?
Uh, go and see a breast surgeon
so we can know what we're dealing with.
Dr. Do, she should see a breast surgeon
today since she's already here.
I think that'll be the best.
Okay, I'll make sure.
DOVE
-[sighs]
-[phone dings]
[Ik-sun] I'm gonna go to Seoul to attend
my friend's wedding this Sunday
so I'm taking Monday off.
I was thinking
that we could see each other.
Mm. Are you free for dinner on Monday?
[Jun-wan] I have one surgery on that day,
but I'll be done around 6 p.m.
6:30 sound good?
[phone dings]
[Ik-sun] Sure, sounds good.
I'll meet you in front of the hospital.
Mm. Actually, Ik-jun told me that
there's a good steakhouse
just right across the street
from the hospital.
Do you wanna just meet up there?
Feel free to suggest anywhere else.
Anywhere's fine.
[Jun-wan] It's "The Steakhouse Right
in Front of the Hospital."
Just across the street. You can't miss it.
So I guess I'll expect to see you there
on Monday at 6:30 p.m.
[phone dings]
[Ik-sun] Sure, sounds good.
I'll see you next week then.
Dr. Jang.
-You're gonna come with us, right?
-What?
The team dinner.
'Cause we're all leaving for it right now.
You guys should just go ahead.
I'll leave right after I make this call.
We'll wait for you, it's okay.
That's all right, it's okay.
Go and have dinner.
[Gyeo-ul] Mom. You called me, right?
Is Ga-eul there yet? Did you have dinner?
[Gyeo-ul's mom] Yes, I already did.
Ga-eul picked up some galbitang,
so we had that together. It was good.
That's great.
[Gyeo-ul's mom] Gyeo-ul.
I'm thinking I'm gonna go back
to Gwangju around next week.
I'm okay now anyway.
I feel fully recovered.
Sweetheart, I know
how hard you had to study and work
so that you can become a doctor
and make it this far.
You can't focus on work
these days because of me.
I'm sorry. I really am.
But now I'm getting better, though.
So you…
you can just focus on your work now.
I don't want you getting
on the wrong side of your higher-ups.
No, it's okay. I am staying focused,
and I'm still doing a good job at work.
I'm no longer a resident,
I have more time now.
And I've gotten the hang of it, so these
days, I'm pretty much a lot more relaxed.
So please,
you don't have to worry so much about me.
Think only about yourself, Mom.
You haven't fully recovered yet.
[Gyeo-ul's mom] No, I'm fine now.
I can eat on my own,
and I'm sleeping just fine.
I can do pretty much everything
on my own now.
Why would I bother my busy daughter
when I can do everything by myself?
I don't want to be a burden to you.
Gyeo-ul, don't worry about your family.
You can't let us
keep holding you back forever.
Listen to me.
You don't worry about me, sweetheart.
I'll be just fine on my own,
I always have been.
So you just live your life.
That would make me very happy.
You want me to be happy, don't you?
-[sighs]
-[mellow music]
I understand, Mom.
So you're adamant
about going back to Gwangju?
Then I'll hand in my resignation tomorrow
and go with you there.
[Gyeo-ul's mom] Gyeo-ul, please.
If you go back to Gwangju,
I'll quit my job
and move to Gwangju as well.
[Gyeo-ul's mom crying]
If you want your dear daughter
to keep working at the hospital
as a doctor,
then don't you ever say again
that you're gonna go back to Gwangju
all alone, Mom.
You have to understand that I can't be
happy if you're not happy, Mom.
[Gyeo-ul's mom crying]
So please…
If you truly care about me that much,
stay with me.
Stay with me and Ga-eul.
Mom, just live with us.
Okay?
Okay, Mom?
[Gyeo-ul's mom whimpering]
[exhales deeply]
[Gyeo-ul] I haven't actually eaten yet.
I'm heading out now to dinner.
I won't be home late. I'll head home
right after dinner, so don't worry.
Mm.
[laughs softly]
Where have you been hiding?
I called you a bunch of times, you know?
We should get going.
Everyone's already left for dinner.
[sniffles]
[Gyeo-ul crying loudly]
[soft music]
[continues crying loudly]
[soft music continues]
[sobbing]
[music fades]
[engine rumbling]
Has the other car already left?
Yeah. He picked up Jeong-won
at Yulje just now.
Yulje?
He had to go and pick up a package.
And U-ju? Is Auntie gonna be staying
with him the whole weekend?
Why didn't you bring him?
Because someone else beat me to it
and took him.
-Who?
-Mo-ne's dad.
Mo-ne's dad? Are they going camping again?
Yeah.
[chuckles]
I didn't know
why he goes camping so often,
I started getting curious
where he actually worked.
Now that curiosity has been answered.
Why? Where does he work?
In TV.
[door beeps]
Hi, how are you doing? Hey.
[chuckles]
Thank you so much for every single time.
Looks like I owe you another one.
[man 3] No trouble at all. Hi, U-ju.
-[U-ju] Hello, sir.
-[man 3] Hi.
It's no problem at all.
Mo-ne and Ma-ne love
playing with U-ju all the time.
They get along so well together.
Honestly, this helps me.
Really? That's good.
I hope you don't mind me asking,
I've been really curious. Where is it that
you work exactly? I've been wondering.
-My work?
-Yeah.
What do you do for a living?
It's like you go camping every week.
Oh, U-ju also told me, that's right.
You're an amazing game host
among other things.
I'm a producer, actually.
[grand music sting]
Specifically, a TV producer.
Hold on. I thought
you looked familiar the last time.
There was something about your…
Are you Na Young-seok by any chance?
You are, aren't you?
I'm Jang Young-seok.
You know that's my name.
Oh, right, your surname is Jang.
Sorry about that.
Jang Mo-ne, Jang Ma-ne. Right.
It's quite all right.
[sighs]
But you really look so much like him.
I mean, you look exactly like
Na Young-seok, I'm telling you.
-That's offensive.
-[gunshot sound]
I'm so sorry.
It's okay.
U-ju, come on.
Today, I bought
a squeaky toy hammer just for you.
[Ik-jun] I really am sorry.
Well, no need to apologize.
You already offended me anyway.
What's done is done.
It's just that you just look so much like…
I'm so sorry. That was rude of me.
Are we gonna make it to Sokcho today
without any issues?
I'd say it's 50-50.
Want me to drive instead?
[chuckles]
It's not that.
Chances are, at least one of us
is gonna get a call from work
while we're on the way there.
[phone rings]
Hello?
[Seong-yeong] Professor, patient
Hyun Byeong-mo received
catheter drainage due to ICH
four days ago.
As of right now,
his mental status is stupor,
and his right pupil has dilated to 0.5.
What about vitals and breathing?
[fellow 1] It's bad. The patient
keeps vomiting continuously.
It's an ER patient that came in
due to severe abdominal pain.
If I were to surmise,
I think it's volvulus.
We need you here immediately, Doctor.
Okay, I'll head back right away.
I'll be there in 30 minutes.
Make sure to book an OR first
and get ready.
Okay.
-[sighs deeply]
-[phone chimes]
-[upbeat music]
-[soft chuckle]
[Gyeo-ul] It's a TA patient
with a liver laceration.
An angio was done to stop the bleeding,
but they're transferring
the patient to us now
because the transplant was done here.
We need you over here.
-I'm on the way back now, okay?
-[phone chimes]
[quirky music]
[exhales]
[quirky music continues]
CHEOL-U'S GUESTHOUSE
Let's go and eat something first.
I think we should check in first.
That's everything. Make yourself at home
and call us if you need anything.
-Okay, thank you very much.
-All right.
[man 4] Here, this is for all of you.
They're from our garden over there.
Help yourself if you need more.
[Seok-hyeong] This looks great.
Thank you very much.
-All right.
-Thanks.
By the way,
I guess Cheol-u isn't here right now?
[both sigh]
Is he out with his friends?
Uh, it's just that this place is called
Cheol-u's Guesthouse.
Actually, I'm Cheol-u.
-[comical music sting]
-[gasps]
[Seok-hyeong] Oh, my God, I'm so sorry.
I thought it was your kid.
It's okay. Many people think that.
You're not the first one.
We've been running
a guesthouse for two generations.
-Ah.
-[chuckles]
You two are lucky.
You're our last guests for the year.
We'll be closing soon for renovations.
Uh, but it's already nice and clean here.
Apparently, this isn't the type of décor
that young people like these days.
Our daughter has been pestering us
about it nonstop.
She sent us a big chunk of money for it,
so it's gonna start next month.
That daughter of ours,
she works at a big hospital--
Hey, honey, please.
You're being too chatty today.
-No I'm not.
-Come on. I'm so sorry.
Rest up. Go, go, go.
-[Seok-hyeong] Good day.
-[Cheol-u] I'm going.
-Good day to you too.
-You can keep the door closed.
Okay.
[Seok-hyeong] Where's the meat at?
I'm too hungry.
Let's have some ramyeon first.
Why not just have the meat?
It'll take forever to set it all up.
Let's have ramyeon now. The meat can wait.
Hey, what are you…
Why are you staring
at the family portrait? It's creepy.
-You jealous?
-No, not that at all.
I can't put my finger on it,
but she looks so familiar.
-Familiar?
-This high school girl.
I've definitely seen her somewhere.
She looks so familiar.
[quirky music]
[both gasp]
[quirky music continues]
[horn howling]
[slurping]
[Jun-wan] So you really had no idea
when you booked it?
[Jeong-won] No, we had no idea.
It's really owned by Dr. Chu's parents?
Yeah, her photos are everywhere
inside the house.
I swear, you can't miss 'em.
Come on, eat up.
The noodles are getting soggy.
[Jeong-won] That's a hell
of a coincidence.
I should tell Gyeo-ul about it.
Actually, does Dr. Chu even know yet?
No, I don't think so.
There's no way that bear
already called her to say anything.
Seok-hyeong,
the noodles are getting soggy.
I like soggy noodles.
You like soggy noodles? Why?
This guy's a character.
We're just so different.
We never see eye to eye on anything.
-Any pickled radish?
-Eat kimchi, just eat kimchi.
Professor Yang is over there right now?
[Gyeo-ul] Yes, he is.
They actually booked it randomly,
but they just found out
your parents own it.
-Cheol-u's Guesthouse, is that right?
-Yes, that's right.
Who's that? Is that your brother's name?
No, that's my dad's name.
[Gyeo-ul] Ah.
Hey, Gyeo-ul. I'll just…
I'll call you back later, okay? Uh-huh.
[softly]
Please, come on.
-Mom, come on. Please. Please answer this.
-[line ringing]
[gasps]
[Min-ha's mom] My love, you're working
on the weekend. You must be so tired.
-Love you, sweetie.
-Uh, Mom.
-The guests who arrived just now.
-Yeah, why?
-They're professors from Yulje Hospital.
-Really? Seriously?
Yeah, one of them
is actually my professor,
he's my thesis advisor,
and I admire him the most out of everyone.
[Min-ha's mom] Who? Which one is it?
The guy who kinda looks like a bear.
The one who looks like a bear?
Yeah, you'd know it right away.
[sports commentator]
That was 263m just now.
-[golf shot rings]
-[sports commentator] Wow.
That sound was just amazing, wasn't it?
My ears are soaring.
All right. On the left…
-Hand over the remote, please.
-Why?
-New Journey to the West is on.
-I'm watching golf, though.
-That's not even live, who cares?
-You'll be watching a rerun too.
How did you know?
I didn't know.
You just fell for my trick easily.
Watch it on your phone.
You do it all the time at work.
Why would I wanna do that
when there's a huge TV?
Go watch golf on your phone.
Nah, this is perfect for me already.
-[groans]
-[sighs]
[sports commentator] The distance was
good, but it curved to the right.
[both grunt]
You see, the sounds
of the drivers are also important.
-Not today.
-[sighs]
[both grunting]
[knocking on door]
[Min-ha's mom] Professors,
I'm sorry to bother you two right now.
But you really should try this
if you're not in bed yet. It's very good.
[both] Okay!
[Cheol-u] You should really have
some sashimi while you're here in Sokcho.
-[Jun-wan] Oh, wow.
-[both] Thank you so much.
It was caught just today,
and we made this just now.
You definitely can't have sashimi
like this in Seoul.
But this is too much.
Why don't you join us?
Oh, no, no, no. It's okay.
We eat this pretty often.
But please, you should join us two.
We can have a drink together,
that would be nice.
[gulps]
Well, then, I guess we should.
What do you say?
What are you doing?
I need antacids for my indigestion.
This isn't the time for this.
Thank you so much, but it's okay.
Once again, really grateful
that you visited our guesthouse.
Thank you, professors.
-Oh, thank you as well.
-We're just so glad to be here.
Min-ha's our darling.
Please take good care of her.
Of course, but she's very good at her job.
Min-ha told me over and over
you rarely get a break.
That it's pretty uncommon
for you to get time off.
She said I shouldn't bother you.
-Go ahead, get some rest.
-[Jun-wan chuckles]
-[Jun-wan] Thank you for this.
-You're welcome.
Later… No, actually. Goodnight.
-[Min-ha's mom] Let's go. Come on!
-[Cheol-u] What's wrong?
I said come on!
[munching]
-I want a drink. Want beer?
-Soju, obviously.
[dissonant chord]
-Isn't it hot? I'll get the window?
-No, I'm cold.
[dissonant chord]
Let's just go to bed.
Shouldn't we finish this?
You can go to bed.
[classical music]
-[light switch clicks]
-Hey!
[door closes]
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
[crunching]
[phone rings]
DO JAE-HAK
Hey, Jae-hak. Where are they at right now?
[Jae-hak] Hey, Professor. They just
started working on the wiring, actually.
I think we can start in about an hour
if all goes well.
Oh, really?
Yeah. We'll start at around 2 p.m.
at the earliest. We'll be ready by then.
Okay.
[phone chimes]
[Jun-wan] The surgery before mine
got delayed,
so I'll be delayed
by around at least an hour too.
I'm sorry, but can we push it back
at least an hour later? To 7:30 p.m.?
Sorry.
[phone dings]
[Ik-sun] Sure, no problem.
[sighs]
-[Ik-jun] What's wrong?
-[gasps]
Did you find something suspicious?
No, I didn't.
They submitted most of the documents
along with interviews of witnesses
attesting that they're close friends.
Not to mention the donor's wife
has consented to it as well.
Ooh, is that so?
Yeah. She told me in tears that she was…
initially against the whole idea.
But her husband was
so adamant about it, so…
she ended up giving him the go-ahead.
She's not sure
whether they're actually "best friends."
Apparently, they fight all the time.
She said that they fight every single day.
[chuckling]
What?
Then shouldn't it be good to go now?
The thing is…
Sure, I can hand over the documents
and request for an approval now.
But I feel a little…
Obsessive?
[laughs]
-Yes, obsessive, sure.
-From doctors to medical coordinators,
you can pretty much say
that every hospital employee is.
We're obsessive in a good way, though.
But what is it that's bothering you?
It's just one thing.
[pensive music]
[sighs heavily]
That is a little odd, I guess.
Such a close friend
would emcee the reception
or at least stay by the groom's side.
But he's nowhere to be found
in the two-hour video?
Right. Then he shows up right before
the group photo session just like that.
After a full two hours.
[deep sigh]
[Deok-joo] I know
it shouldn't be a big deal,
but I need to solve this mystery
before I move forward with this
so I can hand over the application
and documents
with full confidence and no regrets.
Maybe he was collecting
cash gifts at the wedding.
You'd put someone you trust the most
in charge of that, wouldn't you?
Maybe he was right there,
manning the cash gift table.
Wedding videos are always centered
around the bride and groom,
which means, it's not that odd
that he's nowhere to be seen in the video.
Instead of asking those two directly,
maybe try asking their friends
or relatives who attended the wedding
what exactly he was doing then.
Okay, I have to go.
Hmm.
[both] Hello, everyone.
-[Hong-do] Ju-won is here now.
-[doctor 1] Hello to you all.
[nurse 1] Hello, everyone.
[Jeong-won] Hello, everyone.
[nurse 1] Looks like
you're early as always, Professor.
[Jeong-won] Just as well,
we're short-staffed, so I should help out.
[tense music]
[monitor beeping]
[Jeong-won] We're going to start
with a 5cm incision right here.
If we can't see the site well,
we'll extend it by 0.5cm on each side.
-[Hong-do] Got it.
-[Ji-woo] Understood, Professor.
[Jeong-won] Scalpel, please.
-[monitor beeping]
-[air hissing]
[Jeong-won] Suction, please.
[Hong-do] I'm sorry about that, Professor.
[Jeong-won]
Well, right now, it's not too bad.
But unlike you guys,
I'm wearing strong magnifying loupes,
which means the tiniest movements
are even more crucial.
Everything is magnified,
so even the slightest shake looks like
an earthquake to me.
For now it's fine, but if it happened
during a vessel dissection,
it would've been very bad.
You're doing a great job,
but try to be more careful, please.
[Hong-do] Yes, sir. I apologize.
-[Jeong-won] Irrigation over here, please.
-[Ji-woo] Sure.
ANESTHESIA DURATION, CURRENT TIME,
ELAPSED TIME
[Ji-woo] Professor,
can we use the Bovie for this one?
-[Jeong-won] No, we'll tie it instead.
-[Ji-woo] Okay, I got it.
[Jeong-won]
When performing the Kasai procedure,
make sure you tie off everything,
including the small vessels
of the portal vein.
-[Ji-woo] Yes, Professor.
-[Jeong-won] You may be wondering
why you'd have to tie off
such small vessels like these.
That's because in many cases,
this is where the bleeding often begins.
It may feel like a hassle to you,
but it'd be more upsetting to see
the kid's condition getting worse
because we neglected this 1mm thing.
So let's wrap this up nicely.
Just hang in there.
[Ji-woo] Yes, sir.
[hopeful music]
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
[monitor beeping]
[Jun-wan] The opening is 4mm.
As for the annulus,
maximum of 7mm at the most.
[sighs]
Isn't it a bit too small?
ANESTHESIA DURATION, CURRENT TIME,
ELAPSED TIME
How does the TEE look, Professor?
[doctor 2] As for the muscle,
we can't go any further than where we are.
The small annulus is the problem
we need to solve.
Uh, the pressure gradient
is currently too high.
[student 1] Who is he?
-[student 2] A professor in Pediatrics.
-[student 1] Oh.
[tense music]
[Jun-wan grunts]
[Jun-wan] As it is, it doesn't look like
we can save the valve.
This won't do.
Please call So I-hyeon.
Tell her to prepare a homograft for us.
[nurse 2] Sure.
[tense music continues]
HOMOGRAFT SHEET
[I-hyeon] The available leaflet lengths
are 23, 24, and 25.
[Jun-wan] Hmm.
This one is too old. I don't think so.
Show me the next one, please.
[Jun-wan] Mm.
That looks great. We'll go with this one.
[I-hyeon] Sure,
I'll go and get it ready, sir.
[gaming noises]
[phone rings]
-Hey, Gyeo-ul.
-[Gyeo-ul] Professor.
Just so you know,
we extubated Han Yeong-sik,
the transplant patient from two days ago
Unfortunately,
his saturation level has dropped,
so I think that
we should intubate him again.
Explain the situation
to his guardian and proceed.
-Do you want me to come over?
-[Gyeo-ul] I'll monitor him for now
and call you if anything unusual
happens to him.
Mm, call me if it looks serious, okay?
Wait, but you're not on duty tonight.
[Gyeo-ul] I'll monitor this patient
for a bit, then I'll get going.
[chuckles]
Jeez, all right then.
-[phone beeps]
-[rain pattering]
Oh.
[chuckles]
[light music]
[Ik-jun] Have some coffee, Professor.
-And it's raining outside.
-[gasps]
Really?
[chuckles softly]
[soft music continues]
Wow.
[Ik-jun] Look at that.
[rain pattering]
[sighs]
This is nice.
[Ik-jun] Hm.
You should tell me
what you want for your birthday.
God, I'm not a kid anymore.
You don't have to get me anything.
Three, two, one.
I want a dryer.
A fridge would be good too.
I need a new dryer and a fridge.
[chuckles]
Last chance, pal.
Three, two, one.
If it's from you,
anything. I don't care what it is.
All right, then.
I'll figure it out myself.
[music fades]
[Ik-jun inhales]
You know, if all night shifts were
like this, it wouldn't be so bad, right?
[phone rings]
Hey, Seong-yeong.
Okay, I'm coming.
[phone chimes]
[chuckles]
Hey, thanks for the coffee.
-[cup clinks]
-Take it easy.
-[slurps]
-[door opens]
-[phone dings]
-[door closes]
[Deok-joo] We got it!
The recipient's wife was able to find
a photo of him on her phone and sent it.
The relatives who attended the wedding
also confirmed what he was doing.
Professor Lee, I owe you a meal.
[calm music]
Aah.
[monitor beeping]
[tense music]
[I-Hyeon] It's ready.
I have the homograft right here.
[nurse 3] You can put it here, thank you.
Professor Kim, the homograft is here,
ready for placement.
[Jun-wan] Let me have a look.
Looks good. We can use this.
[nurse 3] Okay.
-[groans]
-[door opens]
[sighs]
[Jeong-won]
Did you just finish the surgery?
Tell me, how's Dr. Do doing so far?
[laughs]
[chuckles]
So you're still here? I thought you were
having dinner with your mom tonight.
Not today, because I wanna
have dinner with you.
[chuckles]
-[squelching]
-[monitor beeping]
[Jun-wan] How's the pressure gradient?
Has it improved now?
[doctor 2] Mm, the velocity is
under 2m as well.
And no sign of regurgitation.
-Nice, well done.
-[Jun-wan] Okay. Ugh.
It looks good.
-Thank you for staying so late.
-[doctor 2] Good job, people.
-[Jun-wan] Well done, guys.
-[Jae-hak] Thanks, well done, Professor.
CURRENT TIME 21:26
[Jun-wan] Huh,
the parents must be so worried.
-Close it up well, please.
-[Jae-hak] Right.
[sighs]
Your child's surgery went well.
-[sighs]
-Oh, my God. Thank you so much.
Thank you so much, Dr. Kim.
As I have already explained it
to you before,
initially, I wanted to save
the valve whatever it took,
but unfortunately, I couldn't.
Ga-ram's pulmonary annulus is too small,
and the pressure gap is too big.
In such cases, we often have
to perform follow-up surgery.
But I digress. Anyway, we unfortunately
had to use a transannular patch
and inserted a homograft,
which I have explained to you
in the past already.
Everything went well as possible
and the valve is functioning
quite favorably,
so you don't have to worry much
from here on out.
Moving forward, we'll be moving Ga-ram
to the ICU in about an hour.
-And you'll be able to see your child.
-[sighs]
-Thank you so much, Dr. Kim.
-Thank you so much, Professor.
[light music]
[Ga-ram's mom sobs]
[beeps]
[music fades]
-[sighs deeply]
-[elevator bell dings]
[beeps]
[sighs]
[bell dings]
[intense music]
Aah.
-That was the best meal I've had recently.
-[Jeong-won] Me too.
[water sloshing]
Professor.
Hm?
Why is it that you never ask me about it?
About my family, I mean.
Like how my mom was hurt and why…
And what is going on
with my family in general.
You've never asked me about it once.
It just seemed like
you didn't wanna talk about it.
I figured there must be a reason
you didn't want to.
I was just waiting for you to tell me.
My dad is a violent, abusive man.
Whenever he drinks, he hits my mom.
It started back when I was little.
When he gets angry, he loses it.
He throws everything that catches his eye.
Once, he threw a glass bottle
at my mom, which hurt her real bad.
And this one time, I remember I broke
my arm while trying to stop his rage.
[exhales]
He was abusive to me and Ga-eul too.
He also kicked us and hit us all the time,
just like Mom.
Our home back then
felt a lot more like hell.
Whenever I was on my way home from school…
I felt absolutely terrified.
-[sighs]
-[soft somber music]
The reason I studied so hard was because
I wanted to escape our miserable home.
When we moved to Seoul
to start our college studies,
Ga-eul and I slept comfortably
for the first time.
Just knowing Dad wasn't there anymore.
I wasn't scared to go home
for the first time in my life.
[somber music continues]
Although I was worried about my mom…
I only thought about myself.
From time to time, I'd notice…
Mom sounded quite upset
while we were on the phone,
But she said that everything was fine,
and that she was doing okay.
[Gyeo-ul] So I believed her,
because what else could I do?
[sighs deeply]
But then about a month ago,
I got a call from a hospital in Gwangju.
They said my mom was badly hurt.
A ruptured eardrum, a rib fracture,
and a broken nose.
It was so extensive,
they said she needed surgery.
They asked for my consent.
[somber music]
When I arrived in Gwangju and saw her…
I had no idea how hurt she was until then.
My dad had beaten her up,
so she was bruised all over.
The surgery was successful,
and she recovered pretty quickly.
However, I was still worried about her.
She didn't talk anymore like she used to.
She didn't eat anything all day.
She just laid in bed all day
as if she were already dead.
Looking as though
she'd already given up on life.
[sighs]
Professor.
I wanna see you every day, I really do.
I wanna be with you every single day.
But I know that my mom needs me right now.
She's the only one
I wanna think about at the moment.
I'm really sorry.
Don't you worry about me.
Trust me, just being able to see you
at the hospital makes me happy enough.
[inhales]
I know that you should stay
by her side for a while.
[deep inhale]
Also, Gyeo-ul.
Don't beat yourself up.
[soft music]
It's okay. I get it.
And if I were in your shoes at the time,
I would have done the same thing.
Believe me when I tell you
that it's not your fault.
So stop torturing yourself,
entertaining those bad thoughts.
[soft music continues]
[deep inhale]
And maybe once a week…
we should have dinner together.
And I want it to be just like this.
Just once a week at least.
That's all I ask for.
I'm really hoping
that you can do that for me.
[soft music rises]
[chuckles]
[soft chuckle]
[sighs]
[Gyeo-ul chuckles]
[soft music continues]
THE STEAKHOUSE
IN FRONT OF THE HOSPITAL
[panting]
[panting continues]
[soft music]
Why didn't you call me?
Well, I definitely would've texted you if
you were late because of something else,
but I didn't hear from you, so…
I just assumed that the surgery
was taking longer than expected.
[light music playing]
How are you feeling right now?
Quite good. I'm okay now.
[sighs]
Jun-wan.
[romantic music]
Um…
I've been thinking a lot
about what I told you before.
And saying this now is probably pointless.
But still, I…
When I was lying to you
and for suddenly breaking up with you…
I just can't say sorry enough.
I couldn't stand the thought of you
being completely stressed out and all
because of me.
As if your job wasn't stressful
and exhausting enough on its own.
It was unbearable to think
I was adding more on top of that.
[romantic music continues]
I didn't wanna be hurt, so…
I ended up hurting you instead.
I was egotistical and selfish. I'm sorry.
Oh, also…
[exhales]
Honestly, I still have feelings for you.
[Ik-sun] That's why
I kept that photo of you.
[romantic music rises]
But that's just how I personally feel.
I'll find a way to deal with it on my own
so you don't need to worry about it.
[Jun-wan] You do realize that…
we're gonna run into each other
no matter what.
Can you really pretend like nothing
had ever happened between us?
'Cause I don't think I can do that.
[music fades]
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
[music ends]
What is this?
Tomorrow's dress code
is calling for "black and chain"?
Do you have that?
[laughs]
What in the world is that?
I mean, black is fine with me,
but I'm not gonna wear chains.
My God, Lee Ik-jun, that happy-go-lucky
prick always has to be so spontaneous.
I envy him.
Right, Jae-hak must be done
with the appointment by now.
They're going to see
a breast surgeon first, right?
Yeah.
[doctor 3] Uh, I'd like to inform you
that we have your biopsy results.
Unfortunately, we couldn't do
the other tests because of your pregnancy,
but we believe, based on the results,
you have stage two breast cancer.
[sudden music sting]
[doctor 3] We'll find out much more
should you decide to undergo surgery,
but the size of the tumor we saw
is about 3cm at the moment,
and the cancer has spread
to the lymph nodes.
You can undergo surgery
in your current stage of pregnancy,
but you have
triple-negative breast cancer.
This complicates any treatments,
so considering that,
I think the best course of action would be
to shrink the tumor through a round
of neoadjuvant chemotherapy
and to treat the micrometastasis
that has spread
prior to surgery to get to
as many of the cancer cells as we can.
And I'd also have to consult
our specialists in Hemato-Oncology.
Um, the problem is, you're pregnant now,
which greatly affects treatment.
In fact, you're already in your 11th week
of pregnancy, which isn't ideal.
It'll affect development,
so it means we can't get you started
on chemotherapy, which is what we want.
We have to wait until week 14
to make sure it won't affect the fetus
as much as possible, but at the moment…
Um…
I want you to understand that
if you decide to keep the baby,
we will have no choice
but to delay chemotherapy.
[doctor 3] During this time,
the tumor might grow or it might not.
Unfortunately,
we have no way of knowing for sure.
Uh, if you wish to be treated sooner,
you have the option
to terminate your pregnancy.
[doctor 3] Then we can get you started on
chemotherapy immediately right after that.
So there you have it. You two
should decide what you want to do.
We'll give up the baby, Professor.
We'll give up the baby and get her started
on chemotherapy right away.
Book us an appointment now
with the Hemato-Oncologist.
Honey, wait a second.
Just hold on a moment.
What's the matter?
You don't have to worry about a thing.
[Jae-hak] It's stage two.
Start your chemotherapy now.
With that and surgery,
you'll be cured in no time, honey.
You will, trust me.
Professor, let's do it.
Uh, we'll start with the chemotherapy.
We can begin this week
right after her internist appointment.
[grunts]
We'll do the chemotherapy
as soon as we terminate her pregnancy.
[gasping]
Can we let you know
after giving it some thought?
-[doctor 3] Yes, of course.
-[gasps]
You're still in
the early stages of pregnancy,
so I suggest you consult your OB-GYN
before making your decision
so you're certain.
Okay, I'll do just that, Doctor.
Let's go, honey.
[soft music]
[Seon-bin laughing]
[Jae-hak's wife] I can just get
the treatment after giving birth,
it's fine.
You said you didn't want a baby,
so why now?
[Jae-hak's wife]
You told me to trust you, honey.
Please, just listen to me
and think this through.
[phone rings]
YANG SEOK-HYEONG
[Jae-hak's wife] It's fine.
I'll go sit over there, go on.
[Jae-hak] Yes, Professor.
[Jun-wan] What have you decided?
Did you manage to persuade her?
[Jae-hak] Not really.
I told her that I'd follow her decision.
She seems already convinced.
There's nothing I can do.
We're going to keep the baby
and then afterwards, do chemotherapy.
[Jun-wan] Oh, I see.
Jae-hak. Hey, all things considered,
I don't think it's a bad decision at all.
We'll fix her. We can do it.
I don't know. I just get the feeling
that she'll end up forgoing chemotherapy.
That would be insane, she won't.
[Jae-hak sighing]
What do I do?
I really feel like she will.
Jae-hak, you haven't seen
Seok-hyeong yet, right?
[Jae-hak]
No, I'm waiting for him right now.
[sighs]
What should I do?
What if she refuses
to undergo chemotherapy?
You let Seok-hyeong handle it.
He'll talk to her and let her know.
Just trust me on this.
[sighs deeply]
Hmm…
Have you two made your decision?
[Jae-hak] Yes.
Honestly, I think it's crazy,
and I don't fully agree.
But my wife is fully convinced about it
so we've decided to keep the baby.
There's one more thing I've decided on.
I don't wanna undergo chemotherapy.
I know that's not what's recommended.
I'll get started right after I give birth.
What are you saying?
You're not undergoing chemotherapy?
We talked about this earlier.
What's going on with you?
Who knows what type of drugs
they're gonna use?
And all the other tests on top of that.
So, I'll just get it after I give birth.
That's when I'll start my first session.
We don't know…
We have no idea what it could do
to the baby. I don't wanna risk it.
So I want to give birth
without undergoing chemotherapy.
Just allow me to do that, Doctor.
Honestly, I don't care if I die.
I just want… I just want my baby
to be born healthy.
PATIENT DIAGNOSIS CHART
[sighs]
Both the mother
and the baby should be healthy.
What's the point if it's just the baby?
What if you're gone by the time
the baby comes out to see you?
That's very irresponsible,
don't you think?
[cries]
[Seok-hyeong] You can still undergo
chemotherapy properly
even if you're pregnant.
It can be done, and a lot of people do it.
It's a proven procedure.
And if your condition wouldn't permit it,
neither the breast surgeon nor I
would've given you
this option in the first place.
We would've terminated your pregnancy
and put you on chemotherapy immediately.
But with this one, you can make a choice.
Your health comes first
no matter what. It always does.
So on one hand,
you can choose to give up on your baby.
After that, focus on treating
your breast cancer. That's one option, or…
You can delay the chemotherapy
by three weeks so you can keep the baby.
At that point, you can treat your cancer
at the same time
while carrying your child.
So it's one or the other.
You only have these two options.
[mumbling]
[sobbing]
You know…
There are times when I put my patients
in a difficult position
where they have to make
a fundamental choice.
And when I do that, I wonder…
"If I were in their shoes,
what would I do?
What would the right choice be,
if there even is one?"
And oftentimes, I do something which
usually helps me answer that question.
"What would I do
if the patient were family?
What would I do if she were,
perhaps, my sister?"
-[cries]
-[soft music]
Let's say that you were my sister,
and you asked me what to do.
I'd tell you that
you should wait for a few weeks,
so you can keep your baby,
and then focus on your chemotherapy.
[sobbing]
"The doctors seem very positive about it,
so why would you forgo
chemotherapy altogether?
Just wait three weeks
and start your chemotherapy."
That's what I would tell you
if you were my sister.
[crying]
Then every weekend,
I would go to the temple alone in secret.
I would pray really hard that
your tumor wouldn't grow any further.
[sobbing]
[soft music continues]
I'm going to pretend that
I never heard what you said earlier.
Uh, I'll go book an appointment
with Hemato-Oncology
along with OB-GYN appointments, of course.
And then we'll discuss your case and
consult with the breast surgeon as well.
[sobs, sniffles]
Thank you so much.
You're welcome.
Thank you so much, Professor.
No problem at all.
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
[phone rings]
[gasps]
How did it go?
[Jae-hak] She's agreed
to undergo chemotherapy.
We decided to both keep the baby
and get chemotherapy.
Initially, she said she wanted to wait
until the baby was born.
But Professor Yang
helped us out in deciding.
-He managed to really persuade her.
-[sighing in relief]
Thank God.
I'm glad you got everything sorted out.
I owe Professor Yang big-time.
He really did me a huge favor.
I'm going to repay him
for the rest of my life.
No, you just go ahead
and leave that to me.
Take good care of your wife.
Don't worry about it.
[sighs]
Okay. Thank you so much, Professor.
Now go home and rest.
You're done for the day.
[phone chimes]
Did Seok-hyeong manage to persuade her?
Yeah, sounds like it.
[relieved sigh]
That's wonderful.
What a relief.
I knew we could count on that bear.
Exactly.
Ugh, how annoying.
I heard the coordinator sent in
all your documents that were required
from you. Is that right?
Yes. She even said our case was somehow
processed much faster than most cases.
Uh, excuse me, Doctor,
what if they say for some reason that
the documents we submitted aren't enough?
Like, if they still doubt us,
and they still think it's suspicious?
Do we have to get everything again
and wait longer?
Hmm…
There's a slim chance that
they'll say that, so I wouldn't worry.
Think of it this way. Let's say
your coordinator wouldn't have sent
your application in that case.
In fact, she thoroughly checked everything
and vetted you.
Everything went well.
I'm sure she requested an approval
because she's confident
you met all the requirements.
-Oh.
-Crazy.
By the way, hope you don't mind me asking,
but how did you two become friends?
I mean, your personalities
are so different.
[Chan-dong chuckles]
To be honest, it's been ages,
so I don't really remember.
How did we become friends?
We were classmates in tenth grade.
Did I sit in front of him?
Or was it next to each other?
Anyway, same class.
Back then, the seats were assigned
based on our grades.
I came in 63rd. This guy was 64th.
The hell? It was the other way around.
I came in 63rd.
[laughs]
Anyway, neither of us really studied much.
We just hung out all the time pretty much.
I'd go over to his place,
then he'd come over to mine.
That's pretty much all we've been doing.
Thirty years of that have passed already.
[chuckles]
God, I'm sick of you already.
[laughing]
Then why are you donating your liver
to this guy you hate so much?
I realized I'd have no one
to hang out with if he's gone.
If he dies,
I won't have anyone to play with.
[man 1] I'll be bored out of my mind.
I guess that's why. This little prick?
I'd never do it for him.
Honestly, it's for me.
That's definitely more than enough reason.
Doctor, one more thing.
Can I please ask you for a favor?
Uh, if our application gets approved,
and if we can finally undergo the surgery,
-could you please--
-[Ik-jun] Of course.
I'll make sure that your friend's surgery
is as painless as possible,
even if yours isn't gonna be.
No, actually. I want you to make sure
mine's as painless as possible.
You can make his unbearably painful.
Why, you…
[laughing]
-Wow, understood. Jeez.
-Always gotta be a prick.
[chuckling]
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
-Some really cool sneakers?
-Sneakers?
-Yeah, sneakers.
-Oh, really?
-Black ones?
-Yeah.
-[Seok-hyeong] Excuse me, Yoon-hee.
-[Yoon-hee] Oh.
Please monitor Kim Eun-su. Be careful,
you might have some spotting.
-So just keep track of the pads.
-Sure.
Professor.
What are you doing tomorrow?
Around nighttime?
We plan to go clubbing to celebrate.
It's actually one of
the fellow's birthday tomorrow.
We're gonna be throwing a birthday party
at the club itself.
It'd be awesome if you could come.
Who, me?
You want to go clubbing with me?
-Yeah.
-I'm going too, it's okay.
Please come with us, Professor.
Oh, thanks, really.
But please, can you count me out?
You should go and have fun without me
because I'm no fun at all, promise.
If I go, pretty much all of the residents
will be uncomfortable.
No, we won't be uncomfortable, I swear.
Not you, but everyone else will be.
So guys, have fun. Anyway, I'm off.
Take it easy.
-Bye, Professor.
-Get home safely.
-Oh, that's right, Min-ha.
-Yes?
The thesis draft you emailed me,
I can't open the file. It's corrupted.
Oh, I see.
Can you send it again?
Sure.
-Uh…
-[footsteps receding]
I think you can go do rounds like that
without any issue.
Oh, there it is.
There's no way.
I should put on socks at least.
Mm.
Let's go.
Oh, maybe you should take the cap off.
Oh, right!
[Song-hwa] Let's go.
I know that the director's gonna be there,
so I'm still not sure
what I should be wearing.
Everyone else is asking too.
I should wear a proper shirt
at the very least, right?
Like a dress shirt? No. Just wear
any clothes that you're comfortable in.
You can even wear slippers if you want.
[chuckles]
You'd be coming from work anyway,
and he just wants
to treat you guys to a meal.
No need to dress up all fancy.
Tell everyone to wear comfy clothes
so that way,
I'll be the only one all dressed up,
you get me?
All right then, I get you.
Oh, by the way, I heard that
you were practicing a rock song this week?
-Hey, how did you know?
-[chuckles]
Professor Ahn's not very subtle.
He just couldn't help but proudly brag
about his brand new leather pants.
Rock and roll.
["It's My Life" by Bon Jovi playing]
♪ This ain't a song
For the brokenhearted ♪
♪ No silent prayer
For the faith-departed ♪
♪ And I ain't gonna be
Just a face in the crowd ♪
♪ You're gonna hear my voice
When I shout it out loud ♪
♪ It's my life it's now or never ♪
♪ But I ain't gonna live forever ♪
♪ I just want to live while I'm alive ♪
♪ My heart is like an open highway ♪
♪ Like Frankie said, "I did it my way" ♪
♪ I just want to live while I'm alive ♪
♪ It's my life ♪
♪ This is for the ones
Who stood their ground ♪
♪ For Tommy and Gina
Who never backed down ♪
♪ Tomorrow's getting harder
Make no mistake ♪
♪ Luck ain't even lucky
Got to make your own breaks ♪
-♪ It's my life, it's now or never ♪
-♪ But I ain't gonna live forever ♪
-♪ Live forever ♪
♪ I just want to live while I'm alive ♪
-♪ It's my life ♪
♪ My heart is like an open highway ♪
-♪ Like Frankie said, "I did it my way" ♪
-♪ My way ♪
♪ I just want to live while I'm alive ♪
♪ It's my life ♪
♪ Better stand tall
When they're calling you out ♪
♪ Don't bend, don't break ♪
♪ Baby, don't back down ♪
-♪ It's my life, it's now or never ♪
-♪ But I ain't gonna live forever ♪
-♪ Live forever ♪
♪ I just want to live while I'm alive ♪
-♪ It's my life ♪
-♪ My heart is like an open highway ♪
-♪ Like Frankie said, "I did it my way" ♪
-♪ "I did it my way" ♪
♪ I just want to live while I'm alive ♪
♪ And it's now or never ♪
♪ I ain't gonna live forever ♪
♪ I just want to live while I'm alive ♪
-♪ It's my life ♪
-♪ My heart is like an open highway ♪
-♪ Like Frankie said, "I did it my way" ♪
-♪ "I did it my way" ♪
♪ I just want to live while I'm alive ♪
-♪ It's my life ♪
[speaker feedback]
[Jun-wan groans]
[Song-hwa] Whew!
[Ik-jun sighs]
[Ik-jun] Oops. Wow. Oh, boy.
You actually took photos of them?
Oh, God, I told you not to bother them.
[Min-ha's mom]
Just one. I only took one photo.
Oh, come on, Mom!
Send me the photo now. God!
[phone dings]
[sighs]
[dial tone]
[Min-ha's mom] Nice photo, right?
I made sure it looked really good.
So is the one wearing blue your professor?
[sighs]
Hold on.
That's why I made sure
to treat him extra nice.
I put four boxes
of sweet and crispy chicken in his trunk.
-I really hope he enjoyed it.
-Mom, wait.
It's the one in white,
not the one in blue.
In the picture,
the one in white is my professor.
-You said bear-looking.
-Exactly, mom.
Right, the one in blue
looks like a bear, a polar bear.
A polar… What?
What in the world are you talking about?
I meant just a regular, normal bear!
[Min-ha's mom] Seriously? Oh, honey.
Honey. It turns out, it's the guy
in white, not the one in blue.
-[Cheol-u] In blue?
-[Min-ha's mom] Yeah!
The one who came back
to drop off antacids for me.
He's the bear she was talking about.
I mean, that guy is
Min-ha's professor and advisor.
Oh, God, no!
Whatever, I have to go!
[yelling in frustration]
[Ji-hoon] I did bring it up,
but if you think about it,
it's a bit much financially.
You know exactly how it is.
-Oh, hey, Professor Ahn.
-Yeah.
Uh, do you have Daddy-Long-Legs' number?
It's a social services department.
Yeah, I can send it to you right now.
Hey, Gyeo-ul. Dr. Jang.
Yes, what is it Professor?
Did you break up with your boyfriend
by any chance?
-Why do you ask?
-Nothing big.
You have been seeing him for a while.
And yet still no news
about you two getting hitched.
You understand why I'm wondering
if you're even still dating the guy.
Yes, I am, I'm still with the guy.
You see, it's just…
Okay, maybe I am being too nosy.
[both chuckling]
Just make sure to tell us, okay?
We're just really concerned about you.
You know we're all just looking out.
Also, I want to set you up with someone.
[chuckles]
Professor.
[Bae-jin chuckling]
[Bae-jin] Oh, boy.
Actually, Geon over here
is saying that you're his type.
-[Ji-hoon chuckles]
-Professor.
[Ji-hoon] Earlier,
we were grabbing a bite to eat
with the other residents,
you weren't here.
You missed out. We were talking about
everyone's ideal type of partner.
Yu-ri, Se-hoon, and Ji-woo were telling us
they all liked idol singers.
[Ji-hoon] Geon over here said
Dr. Jang was his type.
I'm so sorry about that. I truly am sorry.
Hey, why are you so sorry all of a sudden?
That's nothing to apologize for.
You don't have to apologize
unless you really--
-[phone ringing]
-Wait.
Hey, Professor Ahn Jeong-won.
You're calling the wrong person.
You realize you're actually calling me?
[Jeong-won]
No, I'm calling the right person.
Huh?
I sent you a phone number.
You should call that number right now.
Oh, okay, I'll do it later.
This is just starting to get interesting.
We need to clear things up.
No, do it now.
Gotta call now. It's now or never.
-For real?
-Yeah, for real. Right now.
[sighs]
-Go for it.
-All right then.
-You wrap it up.
-All right.
[phone rings]
-Yes, Ahn Jeong-won speaking.
-[fellow 1] Professor.
There's a baby in the NICU that is showing
symptoms of abdominal distension
-with a visibly bruisy stomach.
-Okay, I'm coming over now.
[phone chimes]
[upbeat music]
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
Hey, I'm going to leave your gift
in your office, okay?
Pick it up after the team dinner.
Wait, should I just give it
to you tomorrow?
[Ik-jun] No way,
my birthday is today, you can't.
Just leave it in my office.
I can just pick it up afterwards.
Uh. Too bad I'm in Gangnam right now
for this pesky team dinner.
Your office is open, right?
I'll leave it on your desk.
It was cheap, very cheap.
I got you something you'd like
and use a little often.
[Ik-jun] Okay, thanks. I appreciate it.
I'll see you tomorrow.
[Ik-jun] All right, good night.
See you.
[phone chimes]
-Looks like you stayed late again.
-Holy…
Finally going home?
Nope, I'm going out to have some fun.
I'm gonna have some drinks.
-Drinks? Where?
-Itaewon.
My cousin called me up
and asked me to hang out.
We're gonna be meeting for a beer.
-You're on duty, right?
-Yeah.
Take it easy.
Good night, Professor.
[light music]
[exhales]
PROFESSOR YANG SEOK-HYEONG
[door opens]
Min-ha.
Oh, hello, Professor.
Can I ask what you're doing next weekend?
Do you have any plans?
Who, me? You're asking me
what I'm doing next weekend?
[laughs]
Yeah, you.
Uh, I don't have any plans yet.
Why?
Let's grab a bite to eat.
[romantic music rises]
It'll be my treat.
[chuckles]
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
[phone ringing]
Hello, this is Yulje Emergency Center.
[EMT] We have a trauma patient.
Male in his 40s.
Mental status, drowsy.
His BP's 150 over 90.
Heart rate is around 80,
12 breaths per minute.
Temperature, 36.7 degrees.
It looks like he was attacked from behind.
He collapsed after getting hit by someone
in the back of the head.
We checked his ID
while checking his mental status,
it says he's a doctor at Yulje.
Did you say he's a doctor here?
Tell me, what's his name?
Huh?
["Beyond The Rainbow Forest" music]
[doctor] How did you become a doctor
in the first place?
You're not just clumsy, you're stupid too.
What am I gonna do with you?
Why would he get so furious
over such a tiny little mistake?
I invited her to go out for lunch,
and we even went drinking together
because she didn't seem to get along
well with the other residents.
What? With what?
[Jeong-won] Wait,
he's still not answering?
[sighs]
He didn't come into the ICU this morning,
and his phone is turned off.
[scoffs]
Oh, dear, poor Dr. Chu. Looks like
she's going to be blamed for this fiasco.
[Seok-min] Hang in there.
You've been through so much already.
[Gwang-hyeon] Was it a robbery?
[EMT] According to some
of the people at the scene,
he was hit from behind
on the head with a rock.
Can you hear me?
[Seok-hyeong] How did they catch the guy?
[Song-hwa] There was
a surveillance camera nearby.
The police called us right away.
Oh, right. Is Seok-hyeong really
going to move to the US?
What? He hasn't told me anything about it.
[Ik-jun] He would have told us
right away if he was leaving.
I'm going on a date with him this weekend.
[Min-ha] No way…
This is it! My dream has come true!
[Rosa] Wait, you and Miss Jang,
you didn't break up, right?
[music fades]